Remove LTS/STS terms (#730)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/releases/maintenance-policy.md

# Maintenance policy

Our goal is to ensure that the latest InvenioRDM release is supported with bug and security fixes for minimum one year after the release date, and possibly longer.

> We aim at having a new release every year. We strive our best to ensure that upgrades between versions are fairly straight-forward to ensure users follow our latest releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim at having a new major version annually. We strive our best to ensure that upgrades between versions are fairly straight-forward to ensure users follow our latest releases.
```
